ok you're getting closer a bit, but there are still major problems. first off, the page is getting absolutely massive, I want you to move ALL the data for all the machines to machine-specific html pages, and in the "main" html page, only keep the diagram with the smoothieboard/smoothiebox, and a link to the page (plus you're allowed like a couple paragraphs and a short table or something, compact info about the setup/the info we have, the decisions made, etc). but most of the info should be moved to per-machine html files, and the main html page should keep only a copmact section per machine with the "machine facts" box, the diagram, and a little bit of context/info, and the link to the adetailled page, and that's it. when updating info for a given machine, bothf it's machine specific page, AND it's place inthe main html page, should be updated. ok and then the MAIN issue, for all of the 12 machines, the diagram you made is stupid/bad. you created this big/tall "column" of connections, a renrperestantion of smoothiebox as a "skyscraper" for some reason. WHY ??? You had the perfectly fine representaitofn of the smoothiebox as a "sqauare" with connections all around it, that we put a TON of work into, why not keep that. the goal of the diagram is to have that in the center, atking about 1:9 of the area of the diagram, in the center (ie break it into 3x3 grid, and the smoothiebox is the center cell), and then all around this, are boxes that represent things like power supplies, stepper drivers, sprijdle drivers, endstop connectors, etc. they are postionned so they are "in front" of the corresponding smoothi.ebox (or smoothieboard) connector, so that their wires are as short as they can be/don't have to cross too much, ie you do "good design", you make it SMART, you make it look and feel nice. ok please try to do this. and take evertyhngi I've told you, and everything I've asked you to change and do as part of all the history of this page, and add them to a rules file / design file under docs/**.md, and add a line to this project's CLAUDE.md that specifies that whet doing designs of diaagrmms for specific machines, we should always read and follow that design file. ok now update all 12 machines, and move ALL the data for ALL Machinnes (all 300) to per-machine html pages (under their own sub-folder ideall, and even sub-folders for machine types etc, be smart in how you organize this, ad and all the data should end on the .pages.dev site, so you might need to edit the publishing script too). go. and update the diagrmams as indicated too etc.
